---
title: 'Answers coming...'
date: '2010-07-12'
author: 'J Gray'
---

I'm pleased to announce that the next two weeks? A page a day.&nbsp; So, look for a page tomorrow, a page on Wednesday and so forth. Keep coming back. It'll be a wild ride.<br><br>I'm not going to do a lot of commentary during this run. I want the pictures to speak for themselves.<br>

---
**Ysa** (2010-07-12)

*happy dance*&nbsp; YES!&nbsp; Story&nbsp;page a day! I could hug you!&nbsp;......well....... maybe not hug...how about I just wave at&nbsp;Theresa for you.........<br><br>

---
**Angel2590 (Guest)** (2010-07-12)

<br> OH THANK THE WEBCOMIC GODS!

---
**weertangel (Guest)** (2010-07-12)

<br>AMEN!!!!And Spain won! damn!!!!!!

---
**Ysa** (2010-07-12)

Wild ride is no joke!&nbsp; I was under the impression that Theresa's dad died recently, and if that's true, then shortly after, she loses Debbie and feel guilty ,&nbsp;small wonder she even cared to go where no one would find her body to end her pain.&nbsp;The flash backs in this strip are phenomenal.&nbsp; First the flash back of Chrys and her mom looking like some aged photographs, then reflections in the water of Chrys's parents being dorks, and now we have black and white memories in dead girl goo.&nbsp; Creative, very creative.&nbsp; Having this scene take up the whole page only makes it more moving. The shades in the coloring really brings out a feel for the background that doesn't distract from the intensity of the image of Debbie comforting Theresa.&nbsp; But seriously, is Debbie wearing a strapless dress to a funeral!?!?!&nbsp;<br><br>

---
**Jeyl (Guest)** (2010-07-12)

<br> I don't know J Gray. Valve tried doing Half Life 2 in an episodic form in the hopes they could get more content out a lot quicker, but ended up having these new episodes take longer to develop than most full fledged games do in general. You could pretty much be dooming your story to a grinding halt with this method! It's suicide!

---
**J Gray** (2010-07-13)

I'm glad people are pleased! <br><br>Jeyl, no worries. This isn't as complicated as part of Half Life 2, I promise. And once this particular segment is over, we'll be going back to the normal schedule.<br><br><br>

---
**Marcus (Guest)** (2010-07-14)

<br> Arm angles, too... funny.... XDDDD

