---
title: 'Chapter 3!'
date: '2010-10-18'
author: 'J Gray'
---

And so, today, we start chapter three. I plan on doing a little spiffying up of the site this week. Add stuff to the galleries. Put up new vote incentives. That sort of thing.<br><br>Chapter three is gonna be pretty action oriented with a healthy dose of funny and some occasion moments of character growth. It won't be quite as intense as last chapter. Don't expect a lot of Chrys and Theresa interaction but this chapter will be an important step in their relationship, nonetheless.<br><br>The above creature's a goat-frog and proof that I've been watching way too much Avatar: the Last Airbender (pretty much been going through the whole series, two to four episodes a night). <br>

---
**Ayra (Guest)** (2010-10-18)

<br>Welllll... I can certainly say that my chapter 3 predictions didn't include exploading goat frogs.

---
**JD (Guest)** (2010-10-18)

<br> Theresa's getting in some target practice.<br><br>Best to clear out those froggies before they grow big enough to eat you. *nod*<br>

---
**Kajun (Guest)** (2010-10-18)

<br>Poor little goat frog.Last Airbender&nbsp;is excellent, it was light hearted enough to be a kid's show but its an extremely deep and vibrant world. It deserves much more exploration than the short run it had. Supposedly theres a spinoff series being created taking place a 100 years later though....

---
**Uhl (Guest)** (2010-10-21)

<br> Ewww!!!!

---
**Katy (Guest)** (2011-04-02)

<br> Poor goat-frog - and it was so CUTE!!

