---
title: 'What happened?'
date: '2010-11-15'
author: 'J Gray'
---

The question was asked: what happened to William's home arcana. The answer? Horrible, horrible things. We'll be exploring that before this story ends, I promise.<br><br>In the meanwhile, things aren't looking good here, are there? Riders on ants. Dogboys with bricks. Theresa could be in a real pickle...<br>

---
**Ayra (Guest)** (2010-11-15)

<br> Man, they really should use those awesome-looking bricks for making durable houses instead of using them to knock people out.

---
**Ysa** (2010-11-15)

Sometimes&nbsp;a friend&nbsp;"becomes an&nbsp;&nbsp;enemy in order to remain a friend"&nbsp;&nbsp; William is to&nbsp;cute and puppyish&nbsp;to be a bad guy. So he could be knocking Theresa out to save her life.&nbsp; I remember reading that females are rare and highly valued for breeding purposes on William's Arcana.&nbsp; And besides, Theresa's been needing some sense knocked into her for a while.<br><br>

---
**Wolfgang (Guest)** (2010-11-15)

<br> Where are those shadows coming from?<br>

---
**quarktime (Guest)** (2010-11-16)

<br> I think this is a good time to remind everyone to spay or neuter their pets...<br>

---
**Keira** (2010-11-16)

So, when William and Theresa were sent out, William wanted to go "clubbing"? *badum tish*<br><br>

---
**JD (Guest)** (2010-11-16)

<br>

---
**Eric Tolle (Guest)** (2010-11-16)

<br> Or maybe he just got tired of her 'tude. I mean, you don't go dissing a guy's ex, or his pile of rubble.<br>

---
**Felix Pleșoianu (Guest)** (2010-11-17)

<br> I agree with Eric Tolle. Seriously, how insensitive can Theresa be? You don't go visiting somebody's home and start insulting it.
<br>
<br>Suddenly, she's a lot less likeable. :-/

