---
title: 'One Day Early!'
date: '2011-02-20'
author: 'J Gray'
---

After a week and a half of no new pages, I was so excited to post the next page that I've put it up four hours early. I hope no one minds.<br><br>Everyone, please meet Sarrah. Today's wonderful page was her work and I think she's done a fantastic job. Sarrah is the co-creator of the <a name="" target="_blank" classname="" class="" href="http://www.eldlor.com/">Planes of Eldor</a>, a wonderful fantasy webcomic and fellow SpiderForest member. Everyone please welcome her!<br><br>I have to apologize to her, actually. I haven't been able to get Photoshop up and running again, so the changes I had hoped to make (to note that she's the current artist of the comic in the banner up top, for example) haven't been made yet. I hope she can forgive me!<br><br>New page on Thursday!<br>

---
**Nightlyre (Guest)** (2011-02-20)

<br>Not to worry J; the link in the blog is fine in the meantime.Hi all!&nbsp; I hope you enjoy my drawing style while Keith is away.&nbsp; I promise I'll treat the cast well.&nbsp; I can't speak for the author, however...

---
**Felix Pleșoianu (Guest)** (2011-02-21)

<br> Yay! I love Planes of Eldlor. And frankly, this page fits remarkably well with the rest of the comic. Thumbs up!

---
**illyria (Guest)** (2011-02-21)

<br> have to admit didn't notice much of a difference. when skimmed over it seems like keith did it. no offence to sarrah meant

---
**Kajun (Guest)** (2011-02-21)

<br> Beautiful art style, I really enjoyed this comic. Thanks Sarah, and thanks J for keeping one of the best comics on the web running!

