---
title: 'A new question!'
date: '2011-04-11'
author: 'J Gray'
---

The alternative title for this page is 'Lesbian Horror Kisses'. <br><br>I'm pretty excited about this action sequence. It has been dynamic and unconventional. Sarrah's done a great job penciling, inking, and coloring it!<br><br>Now, I have another question for you! Today, I'm asking, who is your favorite MotA character and why?<br>

---
**Fairportfan (Guest)** (2011-04-11)

<br> Theresa.  Looking forward to watching her start to figure out who she is <i>now</i>.

---
**Mitaukano (Guest)** (2011-04-11)

<br> Oh man such a hard choice! I love Chrys, Theresa, Mandrake and William so much.&nbsp;

---
**Bunneh (Guest)** (2011-04-11)

<br> Theresa. Gotta be Theresa. :3

---
**Nightlyre (Guest)** (2011-04-11)

<br>William.C'mon, he defeated a freakin' sentient black hole. He rules.

---
**Pseudo (Guest)** (2011-04-11)

<br> <span style="font-family: Arial;">I would like to see more of the surgeon.&nbsp; It seems such a sad little machine intelligence; scheduled for destruction despite performing so well, betraying it's larger self and reaching out to desperate enemies, and now untrusted and disliked by everyone.&nbsp; It deserves a few pages of plot and a chance to further redeem itself.</span><br>

---
**adamas (Guest)** (2011-04-11)

<br> Mandrake. I have a weakness for purple-skinned image-speaking faerie type folk....That and she's just so CUTE!<br>

---
**Mei (Guest)** (2011-04-11)

<br> Mandrake. can't beat floating picture messages. plus, she flies. can william to that? hm?

---
**salaheg (Guest)** (2011-04-11)

<br> My Favorite is Theresa she's the most realistic character.<br>

---
**TC (Guest)** (2011-04-11)

<br> I think the title needed a few more Y's, to give it that George Takei-esque style of awesome.<br><br>And I love how the rainbow was the confirmation pic.<br><br>Now I wonder about the male horror.&nbsp; rofl<br>

---
**adamas (Guest)** (2011-04-11)

<br> TC , I can just see his reaction. "I must do WHAT?!" :D<br>

