---
title: 'Some answers'
date: '2011-04-18'
author: 'J Gray'
---

There was some speculation about Theresa using William's sword after the last page. Pseudo guessed correctly. The black hole function can only be used by William. Theresa is just using the sword in basic mode, where the containment field acts as an energy blade. So long as she doesn't press the release button on the hilt, she's golden.<br><br>By the way, note the blood on this page. A lot of people seem to have assumed the horrors are robots. They aren't.<br><br>I ran the first session of my Changeling the Dreaming campaign Saturday night. We only had three players but it went pretty well. If anyone's interested, I'm using Obsidian Portal in order to document the campaign, including NPCs and locations. The PCs haven't been added yet, but there's some information there. The address is: <a name="" target="_blank" classname="" class="" href="http://www.obsidianportal.com/campaigns/county-of-quiet-memories">http://www.obsidianportal.com/campaigns/county-of-quiet-memories</a><br><br>I'm happy to have feedback from anyone. Ideas for NPCs, locations, and adventures are always welcome.<br>

---
**Felix Pleșoianu (Guest)** (2011-04-18)

<br> Gosh, those things get creepier and creepier. Will you reveal what they are, or is that a mystery?

---
**Ayshara (Guest)** (2011-04-18)

<br> If I remember my legends right (some of the memories from a previous lifetime are muddled, I'm still not fluent in Irish Gaelic; Not even close), among the fae you have your Elves, your Brownies, the Bean Sidhe, the succubi and Inccubi and others. Also please remember that they have two courts, Light and Dark. The rulers of said court(s) are as follows: The Light King and the Dark Queen. I hope this helps you.<br>

---
**Mei (Guest)** (2011-04-18)

<br> Okay, last time I thought it was a mess-up how Theresa suddenly had William's sword, but 2-3 pages ago he drops it and she picks it up.

---
**J Gray** (2011-04-18)

Indeed, we did show William losing his sword. It flew out of his hand and landed near Theresa's while she was on her butt. She picked it up in her off hand, then dropped the gun in order to yank the headband down over the eyes of the female horror.In hindsight, we could have been a bit more obvious about how this process was drawn but I trusted you guys could fill in the blanks (and you have!).<br><br>

---
**Azure (Guest)** (2011-04-19)

<br> If they're not robots (which would be more cost-effective) then they're symbiot clones!<br>

