---
title: 'I''m giggling right now...'
date: '2011-06-09'
author: 'J Gray'
---

When I woke up this morning, I found this page waiting for me. I took one look at the second panel and started giggling. I'm still giggling. I can't help it. I don't know if it is Theresa's expression or the words 'total yuppie zombie apocolypse' or the two combined, but that panel alone has filled me with good cheer.<br><br>In all seriousness, for the original residents of this arcana, he's the Tower. First, they built and built, accomplishing things and becoming obsessed with perfection. Then, when they finally achieved their perfection, it destroyed them. In other words, their tower came crumbling down around them. The old was destroyed in order to make way for the new... in this case, William's people. As is always the case, though, the old refuses to just go away. The past always sticks around, either to inform us... or haunt us.<br>

---
**Fairportfan (Guest)** (2011-06-09)

<br> While the current art is fine, in ad of itself, the transition from the earlier styles, with their not-quite-scratchy strong line art to the rounded, almost glossy-feeling current art is a touch jarring.
<br>
<br>I'm still reading, though.

---
**Emma (Guest)** (2011-06-09)

<br> I'm really confused.  The art is fine, but shouldn't William be giving the exposition in the first two panels?

---
**Senshuu (Guest)** (2011-06-09)

<br> "Thou mayest guess what occurred next." And then she does, quite aptly!<br><br>It seems we've gotten used to characters simply <span style="font-style: italic;">saying </span>that and then never allowing the others to actually guess.<br>

---
**J Gray** (2011-06-10)

Fairportfan, ideally a switch in artist would have come between chapters. Unfortunately, it didn't work out that way. I do apologize if you find the switchover jarring. Thank you for sticking with us.<br><br><br>

---
**Fairportfan (Guest)** (2011-06-13)

<br> Oh, yeah - i understand that.
<br>
<br>Having been reading Marvel comics since FF#3, i'm used to it - Steranko to Frank Miller (Agent of SHIELD), or Ditko to Herb Trimpe (Hulk) - if i survived those, i'm not gonna drop out here.
<br>
<br>Any chance Keith (whose name i still see on the masthead) will be back?

---
**Alice (Guest)** (2014-07-28)

<br> Really interesting reflection on today's society of cosmetic surgery and obsession with perfection.<br><br>....although I'm not sure what is meant by the effect of vitamin x on the animals. Are there animal horrors too? Or did they die out cause they couldn't drink the water? Or is that what turned them into animals?<br>

