---
title: 'Ahem'
date: '2011-06-16'
author: 'J Gray'
---

Nothing of note here. The comic rocks, though.<br>

---
**tangentsreviews (Guest)** (2011-06-16)

<br> Heh. I'm glad I didn't start going through my contacts to try and find you a new artist then. Not that I know any available artists at the moment, mind you... but once you review enough cartoonists you start developing a couple contacts. ^^;;<br>

---
**J Gray** (2011-06-16)

I'll be mentioning your site soon, btw. Thank you for that very excellent review. I enjoyed it. The critical aspects of the comic had some strong merit. I'm hoping Chrys and Theresa's relationship will seem more real to you in future storylines.<br><br><br>

---
**Adam (Guest)** (2011-06-16)

<br> I had sorta figured the inclusion of the Monroeville Mall (from the original Dawn of the Dead) would be a "dead" giveaway that this was a joke.  Next time, silly hats too apparently.

---
**Ayshara (Guest)** (2011-06-16)

<br> *flat stare* I am Not Amused.<br>

---
** (Guest)** (2011-06-16)

<br> http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NEu0o62ycmg

---
**Senshuu (AKA Jessica) (Guest)** (2011-06-17)

<br> Haha, you guys are silly. Really, really silly. (Or we have bad timing. Either way... PUNK'D!)<br><br>Yeah no, I like J Gray. I consider him a friend and an excellent writer. I wouldn't be drawing this comic if I didn't like it, and most of all, if I didn't like him.<br>I also wouldn't just <span style="font-style: italic;">quit</span>, one way or another. My hands would have to be falling off first -- and then there has to be proof that my hands falling off was caused by drawing MotA, and that alone.<br><br>And if I may say, I've been a fan of MotA for something like...2 years? Has it really been that long? Since we were both part of a webcomics collective for a brief time, we became acquainted in that way. MotA is my kind of story.<br><br>I must admit that in spite of having liked this comic for so long, I still feel like I'm going in cold... I have a hard time handling others' characters, honestly, but I try to do right by them, and think it's an OK start. I hope you, as readers, do not count my vision of the story as less valid. I was a fan first. I AM a fan. I always will be. And J approached me knowing what I do and how I do it and expecting me to work just as I do. I am thankful.<br><br>If you feel the desire to bring up any issues with my artwork in a specific way (you know, a weird arm, an awkward pose, stilted action, argh backgrounds), please do. You can even email me. In the meantime, please consider that no amount of nitpicking the superficial differences between the three artists of MotA's styles will influence anything in a significant way (including my work ethic), and while I am here I do like the support of readers, no matter their opinion. And I greatly respect the past artists and their efforts -- enough that I know attempting to "match" them would be an exercise in futility.<br><br>I'm as excited for the future as you all!<br><br>Also, great job Adam. :D I liked that.<br>

---
**Flinn (Guest)** (2011-06-17)

<br> <font size="7"><span style="font-weight: bold;">*</span><span style="font-style: italic; font-family: Georgia;">blink</span><span style="font-weight: bold;">*<br><font size="2">Dunno if that's just that I only woke up, or.... <br><br></font></span></font><font size="7"><span style="font-weight: bold;">*</span><span style="font-style: italic; font-family: Georgia;">stare</span><span style="font-weight: bold;">*</span></font><br>

---
**R.O.U.S (Guest)** (2011-06-17)

<br> What?<br><br> ಠ_ಠ <br><br>In any case, I have been loving the backgrounds the past few pages.&nbsp; I also like the barrier between the characters and the panel.&nbsp; One issue Is that I having a little difficulty reading Theresa's face.<br>

---
**JD (Guest)** (2011-06-17)

<br> So I was like, crap!&nbsp; Must help save Arcana... somehow.&nbsp; <font size="2">*grabs pencil*</font>&nbsp; Wait, how do I use this thing again? I'm pretty sure the sharp end goes down, not in my eye.&nbsp; <span style="font-style: italic;">draaaaaaaag</span> it across the paper... ok, that almost looks like, um, a stain?&nbsp; I can do this, just give me a few thousand hours.<br><br>Oh wait, it was a joke? <font size="2">*sighs in relief*</font><br>

---
**Mitaukano (Guest)** (2011-06-17)

<br> Whew, I was concerned there for a second man. Glad to ee it was for the Lulz. =D

