---
title: 'Tidbits'
date: '2011-07-08'
author: 'J Gray'
---

Tuesday's page has been fully colored. Sorry about the delay.<br><br>Good guesses on who our mystery voice is, readers! Very interesting ones. You'll find out which guess was right (and at least one was!) next Friday.<br><br>A few weeks ago, <a name="" target="_blank" classname="" class="" href="http://www.tangents.us/2011/06/06/mysteries-of-the-arcana/">Tangents did a wonderful review of Mysteries of the Arcana</a>. The site was very kind to MotA and quite positive. Please go read the review and all the other wonderful content there.<br><br>Finally, Jessica has asked me to note to you all that Mysteries of the Arcana is often drawn LIVE! That's right, you can watch her stream the site. They usually happen at night. The best way to find out if she's streaming is to<a name="" target="_blank" classname="" class="" href="http://twitter.com/#%21/Senshuu"> follow Jessica's twitter feed</a>. She always announces before she draws. If I'm online, I announce it too!<br><br>Have a good weekend everyone!<br>

---
**rachel** (2011-07-11)

Well, I would think it is Chrys' mother, personally. I hope we get to see soon!!!!<br><br>

---
**Ghost (Guest)** (2011-07-12)

<br> After JG's last post I'm feeling a lot more comfy in my prediction that its mandrake.<br><br>1) if Circe or Quince could do mind to mind talk, odds are Chrys would have been someone that it had happened too.<br><br>2) Will and Ther are in much more close range danger then Chrys is, and if Circe, Quince can watch everyone why stick their noses in now.<br><br>3) Type setting for the "Dearheart" in the last comic feels like as very sarcastic annoyed response to someone, which right now only Mandy fits that bill.<br>

---
**Azure (Guest)** (2011-07-12)

<br> Rofl! And everyone just forgets about all the guys with guns. "No I didn't forget! I was just distracted!" "Yes, you did, you're quite literally getting in my face."<br><br>"No, I didn't!"<br><br>"Yes, you did!"<br>

