---
title: 'Need for an artist'
date: '2011-07-19'
author: 'J Gray'
---

I once again find myself in need of an artist for Mysteries of the Arcana. I'm looking for someone who can stick with me through the end of this storyline. Who can deliver, complete and on time. It is a paying gig. Ten dollars a page, paid every five pages. Not much, I realize. I apologize for that but the comic has a very small budget.<br><br>If you're interested you can contact me at mysteriesofthearcana (at) gmail (dot) com. I'd like to get up and running as soon as possible but I'm also going to make sure the next artist is a good fit.<br><br>This one isn't a late April fool's prank. Or a prank of any kind.<br><br>On the plus side! Chrys has her highlights on page 250 now!<br>

---
**James (Guest)** (2011-07-19)

<br> Your last artist didn't leave because of what I said, did she?<br>

---
**Flinn (Guest)** (2011-07-20)

<br> This is my fault isn't it? "She has no ears...she has no highlights..."<br>My keen eyes have run off your artist. Sorry about that... <br>

---
**J Gray** (2011-07-20)

Things like this are never about something as simple as 'X said something mean'. Jessica's a tough person and she could take the criticism. Her life just isn't in the right space, at the moment, for her to work on her own projects and Mysteries of the Arcana as well. <br><br>I will never tell readers to censor themselves, except when it comes to civility. So long as you treat each other (and the MotA team) with respect, I am happy.<br><br><br>

---
**James (Guest)** (2011-07-20)

<br> Well, not to toot my own horn, but I have been planning on entering the webcomic business and so I have been developing my artistic skills, my criticism aren't just me being a dick. So maybe I could throw my hat in the arena for this.

---
**J Gray** (2011-07-20)

Sure! I'm asking for a commitment to the comic. To producing two pages per week. I'm also asking for an audition page. Essentially, pick any page of MotA you desire, draw it in your own style and with your own take on it and send it to me at mysteriesofthearcana (at) gmail (dot) com.<br><br><br>

---
**Ketira (Guest)** (2011-07-27)

<br> I do wish you luck; you've got a good story here, and I'd love to see how it ends.

---
**Uhl (Guest)** (2011-09-13)

<br> James, if you're going into the webcomic business, you're going to have to get a MUCH thicker skin. Just a warning, many people ARE going to deliberately paint a "bullseye" on you with far harsher comments then what you interpreted being said about you here, and if that wasn't enough, some are going to steal your art and call it their own too. If you don't watch that temper, you're going to burn out pretty quick.<br>

