---
title: 'Another Update'
date: '2011-08-10'
author: 'J Gray'
---

Hello everyone!<br><br>Just a note to keep everyone up to date. I'm waiting on one more audition page. One way or the other, I'll be making a decision Friday. After that comes discussion with the artist I've chosen. Hopefully, we'll be up and running again soon after that.<br><br>I did not get any auditions that looked like Keith or Sarrah's work. Whoever fills the shoes, their style will be different from the majority of MotA thus far. I am trying hard to pick an artistic style that works well for the story.<br>

---
**JD (Guest)** (2011-08-10)

<br> After seeing just a teeny tiny sampling of what may come, I think you all are going to be very happy upon Arcana's return.<br><br>I know I'm impressed.<br>

---
**Fairportfan (Guest)** (2011-08-11)

<br> <i>Evil Diva</i> has weathered two artist changes - i actually like the current better than the original, by a small amount.
<br>
<br>After almost two years - or was it three - <i>The Wotch</i> is coming back with a new artist and a different style - though it's one we've seen before and i like.
<br>
<br><i>Exiern</i> underwent an artist change that changed the look of the strip markedly.
<br>
<br>So i'm looking forward to Friday with anticipation.

---
**James (Guest)** (2011-08-11)

<br> Believe it or not, I once helped with the editing for Exiern. They didn't pay me, but I was happy with the job for about a month, before the artist change and then I stopped receiving the pages that needed the spell corrections (that was my job). The texts suffers for it even more then usual.<br>

---
**James (Guest)** (2011-08-11)

<br> Had this as a last minute thought (you don't seem to have an "edit post" option here):<br><br>Even if I don't get the part of artist for MotA, I at least am pleased to get my artwork out into the world, and to hopefully improve my style and form in my pla, no, personal quest to make a webcomic (and by that I mean my very OWN, not someone elses. I'm no fink.)<br>

