---
title: 'Late Summer Debut!'
date: '2011-08-21'
author: 'J Gray'
---

I'm so excited about Mysteries of the Arcana resuming that I'm posting the new page, Gennifer's first, several hours early! Now you all get a chance to see what she can do with sequential art!<br><br>In case people need context, we've switched back to Theresa and William. Remember, when we last saw those two, they had just come across the Vitamin X factory, which is filled with Horrors.<br><br>I've done some clean-up of the site. Gennifer's pin-ups and the Women of Video Games 2010 have been removed from the archives and places in the galleries. You can also find six different audition pages in the MotA galleries, including Gennifer's!<br><br>Bonus points for anyone who recognizes who the Horrors that Theresa's reconing are!<br>

---
**crystal (Guest)** (2011-08-21)

<br> betty veronica archie mr wetherbee veronicas dad and i think reggie.&nbsp;

---
**Fairportfan (Guest)** (2011-08-22)

<br> Bad Man

---
**Ketira (Guest)** (2011-08-22)

<br> Oh <i>ye</i> <b>Gods.</b>
<br>
<br>The horrors there are from the <i>Archie comics<i>?  I used to read that, when I was a kid....  but since you wanted a list, here goes:
<br>
<br>1st panel:  Veronica's Dad &amp; the principal of Riverdale High (Witherspoon?  It's been so long since I've read that comic!)
<br>
<br>2nd panel:  Betty &amp; Reggie
<br>
<br>3rd panel:  Archie &amp; Veronica - with kids!  (To me, that was a nightmare since Betty loved Archie --at least in the comic.)</i></i>

---
**Ketira (Guest)** (2011-08-22)

<br> oops - there wasn't supposed to be italics after the question mark.  I thought I had put the backslash in there.....

---
**Fairportfan (Guest)** (2011-08-24)

<br> Last i heard, there are two separate series running in the digest-size "Archie" books - one where Archie married Veronica, one where he marries Betty.
<br>
<br>And Veronica's dad is an evil manipulative power-hungry madman.

---
**James (Guest)** (2011-08-24)

<br> Where are the audition pages?<br>

