---
title: 'Heh'
date: '2011-10-03'
author: 'J Gray'
---

I feel like I'm apologizing a lot.<br><br>Gennifer is in the middle of her move. The official move date was yesterday so she's in the midst of unpacking as we speak. In the meanwhile, she got me the black and white for the next page. It isn't complete but we felt you couldn't go another week with nothing substantial. You deserve our best efforts!<br><br>Theresa tries her mechanics skills on this page. So far, it isn't going well. <br>

---
**adamas (Guest)** (2011-10-03)

<br> Still looks good. And as anyone who's had a car hood come down can say...OUCH MUTHA-bleeb bleep bleep bleep bleep-ing bleep bleep!<br>

---
**Uhl (Guest)** (2011-10-04)

<br> This page actually looks BETTER in lineart form.<br>

---
**Pseudo (Guest)** (2011-10-07)

<br> Ooh!&nbsp; Show us ALL about how folks just like us (except not) would build  trucks just like ours (except not).&nbsp; Would they do the things we could  have done but didn't, like rotary lobes or opposed pistons?&nbsp; Stirling  cycle, or turbines?&nbsp; Something totally 'out there'?<br> Or perhaps none of Theresa, William, Gennifer, or yourself are mechanic  geeks, so all we get to see are some suggestive curvilinear (but not  cylindrical) shapes, and a dead battery.

---
**J Gray** (2011-10-08)

I'm not sure how to respond to that, Pseudo. Except to say I'm sorry if we disapointed you.<br><br>

---
**Pseudo (Guest)** (2011-10-12)

<br> Not at all.&nbsp; Your comic can only be about so many things, and not everyone cares about machinery for its own sake.&nbsp; I love it the way it is! Keep doing what you're doing; and if a non-circular gear finds its way in there somehow, all the better!<br>

