---
title: 'Woosh!'
date: '2011-10-25'
author: 'J Gray'
---

Now, here's an interesting question. Everything we know about William's sword comes from Chrys. She has shown that details aren't always her strong point. Nor is paying attention to the words of other's. Is it possible she was wrong? Could it be that using the sword on so massive a scale is a bad idea?<br><br>What do you think?<br>

---
**Gillsing (Guest)** (2011-10-25)

<br> It's a weapon of mass desuction! I have no idea what the negative side effects might be, but I just don't see how it could be controlled on such a massive scale. I can understand how it could be controlled if it only sucks in someone who's being hit by the blade, but when it starts to suck in everyone around the sword, that ought to include the wielder. Physically speaking, at least. But was it a sentient black hole? Or did I just make that up in my head? It sounds kind of familiar...

---
**Fairportfan (Guest)** (2011-10-25)

<br> Personally, if it's that or get ripped apart slowly and painfully ... i'll use the damn thing, on the theory that it <i>might</i> kill me ... but the horrors <i>will</i>, for sure.

---
**James Smith (Guest)** (2011-10-26)

<br> Any weapon of mass destruction is a bad thing, even if you have to use. It's suppose to be something NEVER meant to be used.<br>

---
**Ayshara (Guest)** (2011-10-26)

<br> It doesn't stop anyone from using it, the Death Star for example... *runs before getting lynched*<br>

---
**Johan (Guest)** (2011-10-26)

<br> Well if I remember correctly, William has to contain !Gnab by sheer willpower every time he uses that attack. So using it on so many opponents at the same time might prove too draining. But as Fairportfan said, it's a choice between possible death and certain death so ... I don't think he is risking somebody else's life though, especially if the mission if for his own benefit.<br>

---
**adamas (Guest)** (2011-10-26)

<br>

