---
title: 'Some Questions Answered!'
date: '2011-12-08'
author: 'J Gray'
---

A few more more questions were asked. I now have answers!<br><br>First, as to the matter of the uncolored pages. There are a few and, unfortunately, I have no answer as to when they'll be colored in. Certainly, I hope to have it done before I release a trade edition. When that will be? I don't know for sure.<br><br>Second, it was pointed out that Chrys's dad is a blonde and her mom is a redhead. Where, it was asked, do the purple stripes in her hair come from? The answer is: from a bottle. Yep. Chrys is, naturally, a complete blonde. The purple stripes are an ornamentation.<br><br>  Keep the questions coming!  <br><br>Did you know <a name="" target="_blank" classname="" class="" href="http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/MysteriesOfTheArcana">Mysteries of the Arcana now has a listing at TVTropes.org</a>? I want to thank the person who put up the listing for caring enough about MotA to add it. Thank you!<span style="text-decoration: underline;"><span style="font-weight: bold;"></span></span>

---
**Jasae Bushae (Guest)** (2011-12-08)

<br> Pfft XD
<br>Wow, im sorta seeing some parallels to back when Chrys pulled the turtle island therapy on Theresa XD 
<br>
<br>Its fun to see where Chrys gets her well intentioned pushyness from :p

---
**Fairportfan (Guest)** (2011-12-09)

<br> Chrys not spend time without Theresa.  Chrys get angry.  Pirates not like Chrys when she get angry...

---
**Ayshara (Guest)** (2011-12-09)

<br> I figured.... *says the one who's dyed hers a few times herself*

---
**Ayshara (Guest)** (2011-12-09)

<br> *edits tropes page*

---
**TC (Guest)** (2011-12-19)

<br> I'm in the process of trying to start a web comic that may potentially become a graphic novel (if not just jump right to the novel phase).&nbsp; I'm a writer, and I have an artist, but I'm not sure how to go about the script process.&nbsp; I'm not sure how many people ask about it, but would you be able to post one of your old scripts (you can block stuff out)?&nbsp; I want to get an idea of how you get your information to your artists for the pages.<br><br>I couldn't find a FAQ page, and it won't accept my email addy on the Contact form. D=<br>

