---
title: 'Many thanks'
date: '2012-01-02'
author: 'J Gray'
---

I had some great suggestions from readers on possible steps to take to improve the comic in 2012. Thank you!<br><br>As a reminder, I'll be running a 'Q&amp;A' series when this storyline is over. This is the sort of thing they do regularly over at EGS and Doonesberry. I thought I'd give it a try as well. However, it won't work well if I don't have questions! I have quite a few but all from a single reader. I'd like some represented diversity. Have a question about how the arcana work? How key powers work? Character history? Let me know! Email questions to mysteriesofthearcana@gmail.com. Alternatively, those of you on twitter can send a private message to JGrayWebcomic.<br><br>Thanks!<br>

---
**Wolfgang (Guest)** (2012-01-02)

<br> Heh, I just looked back at the Relaxing interlude with her mom and Kludge because I had forgotten about the half-blind thing. It seems that was also some foreshadowing about the current events when it mentions Chrys' tendency to decide what's best without consulting others.<br>

---
**adamas (Guest)** (2012-01-03)

<br> It'd be funny if Chrys was sent to that arcana because Circe knew where he was.<br><br>And here's a question for ya. Are we gonna see Mandrake's home arcana in the future? Or have the group all visit Theresa's/ours?<br>

---
**Jasae Bushae (Guest)** (2012-01-04)

<br> well those suggestions just gave rise to more questions from me but i think i better hold off and let others have a turn ^^;

