---
title: 'Thoughts on chapter 3'
date: '2012-02-10'
author: 'J Gray'
---

Ya'll have been quiet lately! I'm getting worried. :)<br><br>Where was I? Oh, yes. Chapter two left me with a problem. Theresa was pissed at Chrys. I had broken their relationship. Drama drama drama. Honestly, that's great for a story. The road to romance should be rocky. There should be tension. People need to grow. At the same time, though, given I'm averaging one story a year, I can't wait two or three years to start repairing Chrys and Theresa's relationship.<br><br>So, I put out my goals for the third chapter. <br><br>1. Chrys had to learn her lesson. She had to learn that her tendency to come up with plans and execute them without input was a BAD thing. That she didn't always know best.<br><br>2. Theresa had to learn that she had room to forgive Chrys. She was the one who was hurt in chapter two, yes, but that doesn't mean she didn't need to confront her past. Chrys did it the wrong way, but Theresa did begin to heal because of it.<br><br>And so, I had to separate them. A scavenger hunt quest seemed appropriate. Simple and it got them out there. William with Theresa. Mandrake with Chrys. What's interesting is that I hadn't intended for William and Theresa to develop a relationship. I wasn't sure how that would go but as I wrote the scenes and the dialogue, they came to respect each other. They even, it turns out, had similar senses of humor.<br><br>Who would have guessed? I wonder if anyone ships Theresa and William... <br><br>By the way, today's page has art from three out of the four people who have drawn Mysteries of the Arcana. Pretty damn neat, huh?<br>

---
**Jasae Bushae (Guest)** (2012-02-10)

<br> Well that was a nice summery and an interesting explanation of the meaning behind this chapter ^^
<br>
<br>I ship blue with the moldy stuff i cleaned out of my fridge!

---
**Queen Strudel (Guest)** (2012-02-11)

<br> Still reading...still enjoying! ;-)
<br>
<br>I enjoyed all the William/Theresa friendship building in this chapter but William is my favorite character so anything with him in it is great!

---
**Gennifer (Guest)** (2012-02-12)

<br> I always thought that Blue would find a nice Jell-O Shot and settle down, myself.<br>

---
**Jasae Bushae (Guest)** (2012-02-12)

<br> @Gennifer
<br>
<br>what flavor of jell-o shot though? ^_~

---
**adamas (Guest)** (2012-02-12)

<br> Blue Raspberry of course!<br>

---
**Gennifer (Guest)** (2012-02-12)

<br> Actually, I thought he might go for Orange.&nbsp; He has a hidden wild side.<br>

---
**pseudo (Guest)** (2012-02-12)

<br> Shipping Beast / Surgeon...<br>

