---
title: 'Fashion!'
date: '2012-03-30'
author: 'J Gray'
---

Well, Theresa putting on lip gloss didn't attract a lot of commenting. Mandrake looking cute in a new outfit didn't attract of commenting. If Theresa in a dress doesn't generate some comments? I'm gonna cry. <br><br>More seriously, Genn and I are paying a lot of attention to fashion this particular storyline. Everyone's in a new outfit and we're doing big reveals for each of them. Mandrake was first. Theresa is second. Wait till you see Chrys!<br><br>Hope you enjoy it!<br>

---
**adamas (Guest)** (2012-03-30)

<br> Never pictures Theresa outside her tanktop and fatigue shorts...interesting<br>

---
**Hollis (Guest)** (2012-03-30)

<br> Figures... Theresa is all dolled up and gorgeous, and Chrys is late.<br><br><br>Not a date, my ass!<br>

---
**rachel** (2012-03-30)

Definitely a date. Gorgeous, really. And I do like the attention to fashion! I guess I'll never escape that.<br>

---
**Gillsing (Guest)** (2012-03-30)

<br> If it's a date, why is Mandrake there? As a chaperon? Or as a "not a date" alibi? Or are they all just going to the same party?

---
**TC (Guest)** (2012-03-30)

<br> I would not be surprised if Chrys is in a tux.<br>

---
**haggis25 (Guest)** (2012-03-31)

<br> I already love how this "Not-Date" is shaping up. <br><br>Her muscles seem more noticeable then normal, but that might just be the contrast between her muscles and the dress. Not a bad thing really, just a bit of curveball when you first see it. <br>

---
**pseudo (Guest)** (2012-04-01)

<br> She cleans up OK.<br>

---
**rss (Guest)** (2012-04-02)

<br> I look for updates via rss feed. The rss feed was frozen at Awkward Silence I, about 2 months ago. It appears to be back.

---
**Doku (Guest)** (2012-04-03)

<br> Theresa...in a dress. Well, that just about settles it. We're at the end times. Joking, joking, of course. Must admit, the look was different, but in a good way.<br>

