---
title: 'Don''t Forget!'
date: '2012-05-11'
author: 'J Gray'
---

Our pages are about to get somewhat abstract. I've been waiting to tell this particular story for several years, now. I always knew I wanted it to be something worthy of the great mythological origin stories, not to mention the many fine fictional ones. Hopefully, you will all enjoy.<br><br>Don't forget, there's a contest going on! Submit a piece of fanart to use by the end of next week. Genn and I will judge the entries. The three that we feel most excemplify the spirit of the comic will get a prototype Mysteries of the Arcana tarot card! It won't be anything fancy, I admit, but it'll be pretty neat to have, I hope!<br><br>Your submission doesn't have to actually BE a drawing. It could be a recipe, a poem, a photograph, some cosplay, or any creative work! Please, join in!<br>

---
**rachel** (2012-05-11)

Wow, Genn! These are /beautiful/ visuals, for the words of the Telling. I love it!
<br>
<br>I have to admit, the first panel really creeped me out at first. I thought, looking at it, that the one hand was undead, and the thought of a world where undeath was part of the core essence of the world at its inception, there in the void, really bothered me. But I can see now that it was meant to be life and /death/, not /undeath/. (And I must say, I love that the hand of life appears to be that of a PoC!)
<br>
<br>So, just my little shout out to our hardworking artist extraordinaire! Way to go!
<br>
<br>J, really looking forward to seeing the Telling unfold!

---
**Ayshara (Guest)** (2012-05-11)

<br> I agree with the above comment.

---
** (Guest)** (2012-05-13)

<br> Thank you! I am really enjoying this storyline.  I went with a variety of colors because life is variety.

