---
title: 'Contest over'
date: '2012-06-04'
author: 'J Gray'
---

The contest is over and we had some very nice entries. I will be posting results soon. Thank you to everyone who entered!<br><br>I'm sorry about today's page being late. It should have gone up last Friday but there were email problems compounded by a very busy weekend. The next new page should come Thursday/Friday, putting us back on schedule.<br><br>In the meanwhile, I have a special favor to ask everyone. The truth is, Mysteries of the Arcana's numbers have fallen. Not as many people are reading the comic now as they were a year ago. Part of this is due to a lack of advertising and I need to firm that up on my end. However, the best advertising for a webcomic is word of mouth. If everyone recommends the comic to a friend or two, that would be great. Some posting on forums and blogs would also be fantastic. A real, fan driven rush of publicity for Mysteries of the Arcana would be goddess sent. So, please, help us out. Thank you very much.<br>

---
** (Guest)** (2012-06-04)

<br>I highly recommend linking/discussing MotA in comic/webcomic communities and stories/videos.<span style="mso-spacerun:yes">&nbsp; </span>A post flaunting MotA in a community blog may work wonders.Also, I am very pleased with this latest story arc :-)<br>

---
**Looney (Guest)** (2012-06-21)

<br> Another major problem is the random hiatuses. Yes, I know there's nothing you can do about artists quitting, getting sick, etc., but whenever a comic fails to maintain its announced update schedule, it turns away readership.<br>

---
**smilr (Guest)** (2012-06-29)

<br> Someone linked an image tagged with the "mysteries of the arcana" name in the Misfile comic forums. I'm not sure if it was a commission, filler or fanart - it showed your protagonists in a dress and tux'. Inrigued, I googled for and found your comic! I've only gotten a little way into the archives, but I'm enjoying the comic already!

