---
title: 'Blood Spilled'
date: '2013-12-15'
author: 'J Gray'
---

If you're confused by what the Fool is trying to do here, remember what the <a href="/comics/403" class="" classname="" target="_blank" name="">Minor Arcana can create by spilling their own blood</a>. I'd be interested to hear your philosophical ideas on why the Minor Arcana can create life but the Major Arcana cannot.<div><br></div><div>BTW, <a href="http://comiccreatorsforfreedom.com/" class="" classname="" target="_blank" name="">Comic Creators for Freedom</a> raised &nbsp;6399 dollars to benefit Love 146, a not for profit that aids the victims of human trafficking. Thank you to every MotA reader who donated. I hope you enjoy the wallpaper and that you spotted 12 year old Theresa, complete with mullet and braces and pink foo foo dress. She's in the top row, sixteen from the left.</div><div><br></div><div>Let me make a note of our schedule for the rest of the year. We'll be posting an update on Thursday the 19th and Monday the 23rd as normal. However, we will not be posting story pages on the 26th or the 31st. Traffic tends to dip on those days and I'd rather save the story pages for after the new year when everyone's done with the holidays. We will have some fun filler pages up on those days, however. Story comics will resume on the 2nd of January in 2014.</div><div><br></div><div>Don't worry. this is only a small break so that Keith and I can enjoy the holidays with our friends and families. We'll be back.&nbsp;</div><div><br></div><div>See you on Thursday when for the next page of the Telling!</div>

---
**Musical_life (Guest)** (2013-12-16)

<br> I'm thinking the minor arcana has an&nbsp;integral element in their blood that the major is lacking. Merry Christmas to the both of you!

---
**Gunsolo (Guest)** (2013-12-17)

<br> The major arcana are made from a mixture of different families from the minor arcana, right? So perhaps then they are infertile in a similar way to mules?<br><br>"Mules and hinnies have 63 chromosomes,  a mixture of the horse's 64 and the donkey's 62. The different  structure and number usually prevents the chromosomes from pairing up  properly and creating successful embryos, rendering most mules  infertile. There are no recorded cases of fertile mule stallions." -Wikipedia<br>

---
**Jasae Bushae (Guest)** (2013-12-17)

<br> I would theorize the reason is because the minor arcana are connected to elements and it was their combinations which resulted in the worlds creation.<br>Plus, it has been shown that aces who are tecnically the weakest were able to create arcana's with no trouble so power shouldn't make a difference. Though I am kinda curious if they ever tried mixing with other Arcana's to see what happens.<br><br>Plus, im sure the fact that they were created from the dreams of the 'afterthought' life that came of the worlds being created in the first place has something to do with it...<br>

