---
title: 'Happy Holidays!'
date: '2013-12-25'
author: 'J Gray'
---

Sure looks like Theresa, Chrys &amp; William are having fun! Theresa's even got her own ugly Christmas sweater. Of course, Chrys wouldn't be caught dead in anything less than fashionable and William apparently has his own idea of holiday clothing.<div><br></div><div>Keith and I want to wish every reader of Mysteries of the Arcana, if not a Merry Christmas, than a wonderful day filled with joy and love. Thank you for sticking with us. Thank you for coming back after our hiatus. Thank you SO MUCH for believing in Mysteries of the Arcana.&nbsp;</div><div><br></div><div>Just a reminder, we're running a contest! The first four people to send me an email telling us the title of the page each quote said by Theresa and Chrys in our Kickstarter teaser trailer comes from will receive a prototype Theresa Devil tarot card. The contest is open to international readers.</div><div><br></div><div>In case you didn't see it,&nbsp;<a href="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ryxdm3KEw7c" class="" classname="" target="_blank" name="">the video is here.</a></div><div><br></div><div><b>And the email address you send your entry to is mysteriesofthearcana (at) gmail (dot) com.</b></div><div><br></div><div>I've only received one entry so far so there's three cards left to give out!</div><div><br></div><div>See you next Monday!</div>

---
**J Gray** (2013-12-26)

Gunsolo, Adamas! Merry Christmas to you as well! 
<br>
<br>And thanks, Adamas! Thank you for coming back to read the comic.<br><br>

---
**Gunsolo (Guest)** (2013-12-25)

<br> Merry Christmas!<br>

---
**Adamas (Guest)** (2013-12-25)

<br> Merry Christmas, and a (belated) welcome back guys!<br><br>I can see William thinking "This "Stocking", it is to keep one's muzzle warm, yes?"<br>

