---
title: 'Now For Something Different'
date: '2014-08-24'
author: 'J Gray'
---

<p><strong>Hidden Name</strong>: Wil</p><hr><p>Kludge sure is being bossy there! Seems like he has a plan, though. Maybe we'll even get to see if Mandrake survived long enough for the end of lockdown to matter soon!</p><p>Or maybe not.</p><p>Don't forget, Keith and I are <a href="http://www.patreon.com/user?u=244206" target="_blank">running a Patreon</a> to fund our superhero webcomic, Silver City (and, indirectly, future chapters of Mysteries of the Arcana). The first page is already up at the Patreon site to view!</p><p>And for fun? Here's my fridge pickle recipe:</p><p>1. Gather together cucumbers, garlic, fresh dill, hot peppers, distilled white vinegar, distilled water, salt and a mason jar.</p><p>2. Crush 1-5 garlic cloves (to taste). Put in jar with two sprigs of dill, one sliced up hot pepper and a tablespoon of salt. </p><p>3. Cut up the cucumbers into spears or slices as desired. Fill the jar to the top with cut up cucumbers. It is important to fill the jar.</p><p>4. Pour in white vinegar until about 1/3rd of the jar is full. Fill the rest of the jar, to the very top, with distilled water.</p><p>5. Shake the jar vigorously. Put it on the counter for 12 hours. Shake it again and turn it upside down. Put it back on the counter for 12 more hours.</p><p>6. Take a test taste of the pickles and then put the jar in the fridge. It should be good for about two weeks in there.</p><p>See you Thursday!</p>

---
**Musical_life (Guest)** (2014-08-26)

<br> This is page 404 on Comic Rocket... Computer joke not found.

---
**the leaking pen (Guest)** (2014-08-30)

<br> As an alchemist, you know I have to approve of any recipe with TWO distillations involved that causes a fundamental change in something that also increases its viable lifespan!&nbsp; <br>&nbsp;<br>(pickles are the true Philosopher's stone!) <br><br>Also, where are the storyteller/ story shirts?&nbsp; Still waiting! (kidding, kidding, I know you're busy)<br>

