---
title: 'D&D'
date: '2014-11-20'
author: 'J Gray'
---

<p><strong>Hidden Name</strong>: Karen</p><hr><p>We are coming up on the end of the chapter. We'll have a page next week, on Monday and then we'll be taking Thursday off due to the holiday (the one here in the States, anyway).</p><p>I loved writing this page. I think it has a nice hint of Theresa and Chrys's evolving relationship.</p><p>In other news, I'm running a tabletop game, in person, for the first time in quite a while. We've had two sessions - one to roll up characters and do a small combat and our first actual session with adventure. We're playing D&amp;D 3.5. The world setting is one in which 25 totems, gemstone statues in the shape of a dragon, each rest at the center of their own territory. If you're interested in learning more about the setting or the campaign, I'm keeping a page up with world background over at the Obsidian Portal site. Here's the address: <a href="https://dungeons-and-dragons-krystallos.obsidianportal.com/" style="font-size: 15px;">https://dungeons-and-dragons-krystallos.obsidianportal.com/</a> </p><p>Did you know the holidays are coming up? Did you know you're expected to give gifts to loved ones? GASP! But fear not! Mysteries of the Arcana has you covered. What you should purchase for one (or more) of your loved ones is a piece of gorgeous, fantasy and steampunk inspired jewelry! Luckily, <a href="http://geminidreamdesigns.com/" target="_blank">Gemini Dreams</a> (the official jeweler of Mysteries of the Arcana!) has just such jewelry waiting and ready for you to buy. I particularly like the <a href="http://geminidreamdesigns.com/product/washer-pendant-with-stone/" target="_blank">washer pendant with stone</a> myself.</p><p>See you Monday!</p>

---
**Dan Genesis (Guest)** (2014-11-22)

<br> It may sound a little nit-picky, but she healed from that shiner awfully fast. :P

---
**Kietra61871** (2014-11-25)

Thanks J. I have some new stuff I will be working on over the next few weeks (just bought some new stones and things), so keep your eyes open on the Gemini Dreams page for those pretties!

