---
title: 'Happy March!'
date: '2015-03-04'
author: 'J Gray'
---

<p>I hope your March is a little less snow-logged than mine! It looks like I'll be shoveling the driveway again tomorrow. </p><p>I'm very proud to announce that my first Pathfinder-compatible solo book was released last week.</p><p><strong>Spellstaff: the Magic User's Weapon</strong></p><p><em>The staff, be it topped with a skull, gemstone, or crystal ball, has long been a symbol of the magic user’s power in classic fantasy literature. In roleplaying games, however, a staff is often nothing more than a glorified walking stick. Even those staves with actual power hold only a limited amount of charges before they are depleted, and recharging them costs the magic user precious spells. The spellstaff changes all this, giving magic users a ranged weapon that uniquely suits their mystery and power.</em></p><p>In other words, I made Dragon Age style staff weapons for Pathfinder.</p><p>Right now, the book is #6 on the "hottest Pathfinder" list over at DriveThruRPG. It is also on sale for GM Day/Week. </p><p>If you're interested, please consider picking up a copy. You can <a href="http://rpg.drivethrustuff.com/product/145261/Spellstaff-The-Magic-Users-Weapon?" target="_blank">buy it over at DriveThruRPG</a> or at <a href="http://paizo.com/products/btpy9coq?Spellstaff-The-Magic-Users-Weapon" target="_blank">Paizo's store</a>. Better yet, pick the book up <a href="http://shop.d20pfsrd.com/collections/flaming-crab-games/products/spellstaff-the-magic-users-weapon" target="_blank">from the Open Gaming Store</a>. The Open Gaming store takes the smallest bite out of the cover price, leaving a bit more for me and my publisher, Flaming Crab Games.</p><p>Thanks for supporting me!</p><p>There'll be a new Bricks of the Arcana come Friday.</p><p>See you next week! </p>

---
**Lukkai (Guest)** (2015-03-03)

<br> Very interesting stuff. I'm sure I can use this for the mage realm on the small continent I'm currently working on for an upcoming campaign.<br>

---
**Gunsolo (Guest)** (2015-03-05)

<br> Hmm, if anything that touches the void vanishes then how is there air?<br><br><br>Congrats on the book release!<br>

---
**dragonrider (Guest)** (2015-03-21)

<br> Actually ending the series would be a kindness to readers if you intend to continue these Lego panels. I'm sorry but they are an insult to the mentality of a newborn and I for one am very tired of seeing a previously well written fantasy series dragged down to the lowest levels.&nbsp; I have continued following in the hopes it would return to the previous standards, if it does not I shall unsubscribe.<br>

