---
title: 'Help me OBKludge Kenobi!'
date: '2015-03-18'
author: 'J Gray'
---

<p>Looks like Chrys' dad wasn't so safe on that pirate ship after all!</p><p>Some of you may be asking, "Why does Theresa have a phone?" and the answer is... well, because it is useful. She's never pulled it out on panel before now but the phone can still function as a tiny computer/camera/calculator. Thus, she keeps it in her pocket.</p><p>Also, it makes a convenient bit of plot device. So there. Nyah!</p><p>-----</p><p>In "J keeps doing this RPG writing thing news"...</p><p>My first Pathfinder-compatible book, Spellstaff, <a href="http://rpg.drivethrustuff.com/product/145261/Spellstaff-The-Magic-Users-Weapon" target="_blank">is still on sale</a>. The simple sales pitch is: Dragon Age style blasting staves for Pathfinder. Complete with archetypes, magic variants, feats and plot hooks. Only $4.99!</p><p>I also have a new book out called <a href="http://rpg.drivethrustuff.com/product/146095/Once-Upon-an-Encounter-Red-Riding-Hood" target="_blank">Once Upon an Encounter: Red Riding Hood</a>. It is only $.99 and is for GMs - a simple encounter based on a classic fairy tale that they can drop into any adventure. Here's the back cover blurb:</p><p>Inspired by classic fairy tales, the Once Upon an Encounter series gives gamemasters quick encounters that can be inserted into any adventure or campaign. Red Riding Hood is designed for a party of adventurers of levels 4-6.</p><p><em>A shapeshifting, demonic Wolf stalks the forest, eating hunters, foresters, and other villagers who venture into the woods.</em></p><p><em><br></em><em>Red Hood, a tainted paladin hunts the wolf but is sucumbing the the taint inside of her.</em><br><em><br></em></p><p><em>Will the party slay the Wolf and free both paladin and village? Or will the paladin give into the evil inside and force the party to kill her?</em></p><p>Give them a try if you like.</p><p>We'll have a new Bricks of the Arcana up Friday. This one has a cameo from someone famous!</p><p>New comic next Wednesday.  See you then!</p><p>J</p>

---
**MMOaddicted (Guest)** (2015-03-30)

<br> OH FUDGE CAKES, I bought it not knowing it is yours, it was badass, :D. I KNEW the writing seemed familliar, idea? make an "arcana" setting I'd KickStart that

