---
title: 'New RPG Stuff and News!'
date: '2015-04-15'
author: 'J Gray'
---

<p>Since last week several new backers have signed up for the MotA Patreon. We're at $270 a month which puts us $50 under our goal for two pages a week. Thank you, everyone. I'm honored.</p><p>Meanwhile, we're earning more money than we need to pay for the page a week updates we're doing now. So, the extra money is being set aside and will be used to pay for a 7-8 page side story. I'm still in the writing phase but I'm hoping to have it out sometime in the summer. Patreon backers will get to see it first but, eventually, it'll be made available to everyone.</p><p>In the meanwhile, I continue my RPG writing career. I'm in an editing phase with one book with Fat Goblin Games and just turned in a new project to them. I'm writing a book for Flaming Crab and developing an entire line for them as well. I'll have more on those as they develop.</p><p>Right now, my new book <a href="http://www.drivethrurpg.com/product/147658/Once-Upon-an-Encounter-The-Scorpion-and-the-Frog" target="_blank">"Once Upon an Encounter: the Scorpion and the Frog"</a> was just released in PDF format. It takes the old story of the scorpion and the frog and turns it into a Pathfinder encounter... what happens when a mad bomber has to listen to the voices in his head while he's on an ox-driven paddle barge in the middle of the river? The same barge your party is on? It is, if I do say so myself, an excellent one session encounter that a GM can drop into any campaign. There's a great new creature called a "boom laying slug" that's especially fun for alchemists. Please consider picking the book up. It is only $1.50.</p><p>---</p><p>New Bricks of the Arcana on Friday. New story comic next week.</p><p>OH! And tune in next week for an amazing announcement about Keith. He's got VERY exciting news. </p>

---
**JD (Guest)** (2015-04-22)

<br> <font face="Comic Sans MS" size="2">Life?</font>

