---
title: 'Blame Keith'
date: '2015-05-06'
author: 'J Gray'
---

<p>Keith came up with the name for today's comic. So, his fault.</p><p>But my absence the last few weeks has been my fault. I suffer from depression and, while I usually have it under control, occasionally it hits me hard. I have trouble doing anything beyond the basics - I'm not stuck in bed paralyzed with sorrow but a lot suffers. Then I hit this spiral. I don't do the things I want to do. I get ashamed I didn't do them and so I'm less likely to try to do them. It takes me a while to get up the energy to start pushing that boulder back up the hill.</p><p>But pushing it I am. There'll be a new Bricks on Friday and a new story comic next week.</p><p>Thank you for your patience.</p><p>And to everyone who came over from GrrlPower, welcome! I hope you enjoy Mysteries of the Arcana nearly as much as you enjoy Halo's superheroic comedy adventures.</p>

---
**Lukkai (Guest)** (2015-05-06)

<br> Nice to have you back.<br><br>And Theresa best start to think up a few things to keep Chrys occupied. Else she'll be in for some nervewracking time.<br>

---
**Adamas (Guest)** (2015-05-09)

<br> Nice to have ya back J! Here's hoping things go a little better for ya!<br>

---
**JD (Guest)** (2015-05-10)

<br> Hey, there you go!&nbsp; Comic up on Wed, Bricks on Sunday... give the comic a little more time to shine before covering it up with other silliness.&nbsp; Might of been an oops, but to me it's better. The comic is the main story, why have it up for only two days?<br><br>Anyway, hope you're feeling more together, J.&nbsp; I fully understand, being an aspie there are times it's all I can do to keep from curling up in a little ball and shutting the world off.&nbsp; Keep up the good stuff, and remember there are peeps out here who think you're pretty awesome. You don't even have to prove it, you already have.<br>

---
**Wendy (Guest)** (2015-05-12)

<br>

