---
title: 'Books!'
date: '2015-06-25'
author: 'J Gray'
---

<p>Theresa's been keeping Chrys waiting. Likely because Theresa's been debating all about her gun. She loves her gun and now she hates her gun. Hence the title of today's page. Will she bring it? Will she use it? </p><p>What do you think?</p><p>I've been on a reading streak lately. I've just finished reading the 21 books in the Phryne Fisher mystery series by Kerry Greenwood about a female private detective in 1920s Australia. I can't recommend them enough. They're an amazing study of the time as well as excellent pulp detective fiction staring a strong woman.</p><p>I'm currently working my way through Meg Cabot's Princess Diary series. Meg Cabbot is often underappreciated, I think, as a writer of young adult fiction.</p><p>After that, I'm on my way to the Longmire mysteries by Craig Johnson. Another detective set that I think has a lot of potential.</p><p>BTW, both Phryne Fisher and Longmire have shows based on them currently available via Netflix. I can't recommend them both enough. In an era filled with clone crime procedurals I'm always happy to find a good, unique PI series.</p><p>WHAT'S ON YOUR SUMMER READING LIST? SHARE WITH US IN THE COMMENTS!</p><p>See you Monday!</p>

---
**Lukkai (Guest)** (2015-06-28)

<br> My current list mainly contains rufiangel's (of Serpamia Flare) The Lethian, Dirk van den Boom's Kaiserkrieger, the Voyage to the West, an assortment of various comics and probably reread some of the 1632 (Ring of Fire) series.<br>

---
**Tsuki_Ouji (Guest)** (2015-07-04)

<br> Well, hell. I just read this entire comic in one (4-or-so hour long) sitting. Now I'm all caught up.<br>And sad. I always hate it when I get all caught up with a webcomic...<br><br>As for my summer reading list: The Wheel of Time series, the rest of the Codex Alera (by Jim Butcher; I'm more anxious to read the next Dresden book than for Doctor Who and Sherlock to come back), and more webcomics and manga than I want to count. I also have a fair handful of visual novels and Dragon Age: Inquisition (both of which tend more towards "book" than "game" in the best possible ways).<br><br>This is me being conservative with my reading.<br>

