---
title: 'Revelations and Issues'
date: '2015-08-03'
author: 'J Gray'
---

<p>Hey, look at that! We just found out that Theresa's dad was named Mario Smith. Hey, izza me! Maarrrrioooo!</p><p>Ahem.</p><p>I'm really pleased by how much conversation last Thursday's blog entry generated. All about Windows 10 and what works and what doesn't, which is awesome. But the conversation revealed something bad. Some people are having issues with going either to the Mysteries of the Arcana site or the blog comments section and getting redirected to another site. Specifically, some sort of garden site.</p><p>Is anyone else having this problem? If so, could you post as detailed a description of the problem as you can to the comments here? It will help JD track down the problem. JD, could it be a garden site because the numerical "address" of the site used to belong to a more malicious/porny site? And the redirect is old?</p><p>Anyway, please help us track down this problem with the site. Thank you.</p>

---
**JD** (2015-08-05)

I'm pretty sure it's a random ad redirect. &nbsp;I've pounded away on this, opening multiple windows with various browsers and using three different computers (including one at my workplace) trying to replicate the issue. &nbsp;It redirected once, out of at least 200 tries, but it wasn't to a gardening site, it was to a Myspace page showcasing a pre-concert video of a major artist. I couldn't get it to duplicate the redirect, and I couldn't see why it did it. &nbsp;The page I landed on was obviously an ad directed page.<br><br>

---
**Fairportfan (Guest)** (2015-08-06)

<br>Datum: I just clicked my bookmark to come here, and (instead of the gardening site) wound up athttp://media.myspace.com/fiveminutestothestage/video-theater/sam-smith/109502471?hover=1&amp;locationId=417896I've wound up there at least once before, now that i think.I don't have this problem with any other site i have bookmarked, so there's something about MotA - as i said before, i'd look for DNS problems

---
**JD** (2015-08-06)

Yes, the Sam Smith Myspace video, that's where it redirected my to as well. I did get it to do it a second time, but only after numerous tries and only on Chrome. Both times it happened after I had already landed on the main page, then opened a second window for the comments and clicked to it. DNS is directing properly. It's something else redirecting on condition, just not sure what or how.&nbsp; This is the only site on the network affected, so it's specific. Problem is, it happens so seldom it is difficult to troubleshoot.<br><br><br>

---
**Fairportfan (Guest)** (2015-08-09)

<br> I'm using Opera 12.16 on 64-bit W10, if that helps.

---
**Fairportfan (Guest)** (2015-08-12)

<br>Well, well.Lookie where i wound up first try to come here!http://gogardenclub.com/

---
**Fairportfan (Guest)** (2015-08-12)

<br>Even further datum: &nbsp;I attempted to see if "Silver City" had actually progressed any (been months since last i looked) ... and guess where i wounjd up?Yep - reading about watermelons.

