---
title: 'Happy End of August!'
date: '2015-08-31'
author: 'J Gray'
---

<p>And so we move from suggestive topiary to the comedy of Theresa making funny faces. Does this comic deliver or does it deliver?</p><p>As many of you know, I'm a GM as well as a comic writer. I'm running a Pathfinder campaign set in a non-MotA setting and two of my players have asked for a second campaign to explore different characters in a different section of the setting. We need 1 to 2 more but are having trouble finding someone. We'll be playing every other week, 8:30 - 11:30(ish) Eastern Standard Time. The campaign will focus on exploration and adventure with a bit of an Indiana Jones vibe. If you're interested, let me know. </p><p>And for fun, here's something I already shared with the Patreon crowd. A magic item from Mysteries of the Arcana done up Pathfinder style!</p><p><strong>Bubble Hop Gum</strong></p><p><strong></strong><strong style="background-color: initial;">Aura </strong>faint
transmutation; <strong style="background-color: initial;">CL </strong>2nd</p><p><strong>Slot </strong>–;
<strong>Price </strong>600 gp; <strong>Weight
</strong>–</p><p><strong>Description</strong></p><p><em>Bubble Hop Gum</em>
tastes great and enhances the jumping power of any athlete! To use
<em>Bubble Hop Gum </em>for maximum
jumpability, first place a stick into your mouth and chew it until it
is nice and soft. Then attach the chewed gum to the bottom of your
left shoe. Next, hop on your right foot two times. Finally, push off
with your left foot and enjoy your <em>Bubble Hop Gum </em>enhanced
jump!</p><p>
When used according to the instructions, a stick of <em>Bubble Hop Gum
</em>provides a +5 competence bonus on all Acrobatics checks to make
high or long jumps. Afterwards the gum becomes inert and cannot be
used again.</p><p><em>Bubble Hop Gum
</em>comes in five flavors (Jumpin'
Joyberry, Bouncing Babbleberry, Happy Hopmint, Wintergreen Twitch,
and Colliding Cinnamon). Each pack of <em>Bubble Hop Gum
</em>contains ten sticks of
mouth-watering delicious flavor.</p><p><strong>Construction</strong></p><p><strong>Requirements
</strong>Craft
Wondrous Item, creator must have 5 ranks in Acrobatics skill; <strong>Cost
</strong>300
gp</p>

---
**Fairportfan (Guest)** (2015-08-31)

<br> "there was an old man from Nantucket..."

---
**Fairportfan (Guest)** (2015-08-31)

<br>Further thought: Chrys is enjoying this.Perhaps too much.

---
**Adamas (Guest)** (2015-09-02)

<br> Colliding Cinamon got it's name because of an unfortunate incident during testing where an Elf and Human ended up in a comprimising position after colliding in mid-jump.<br>

