---
title: 'Oh, THERE you are, Theresa!'
date: '2016-02-29'
author: 'J Gray'
---

<p>See, Theresa? You brought that gun for a reason. Because you knew, in your heart of hearts, that a giant amalgam melty button headed arms dealer would backhand your girlfriend into a tree after giving her a haircut.</p><p>I mean, who DIDN'T see that coming? Am I right? </p><p>What do you think? Should Chrys just shave it all off and rock the GI Jane look?</p><p>See you Thursday!</p>

---
**mythtress (Guest)** (2016-02-29)

<br> Where do you shoot a button-headed creature that comes apart and is still talking with half of one of its faces melted?&nbsp; Devil power, don't fail her now!<br>

---
**six (Guest)** (2016-02-29)

<br> Sure hope she keeps some hair and didn't break anything important from such a hit.

---
**Gunsolo (Guest)** (2016-02-29)

<br> Hah! So it <i>was</i> a face-melting laser.<br><br>I doubt she'll shave it all off, but maybe she'll sport a mohawk?<br>

---
**Musicalife (Guest)** (2016-02-29)

<br> Chrys' best option would be to cut her hair, even though she'd look odd without her long hair.

---
**Kringles (Guest)** (2016-02-29)

<br> I don't know, the newly cut (torn) hair looks great already. It's not everyday that we see a villain give one of our protagonists a "haircut" without it looking terrible.<br>

---
**Lukkai (Guest)** (2016-02-29)

<br> Let's give it another page or two for us to admire her new haircut before deciding on any drastic measures, why don't we.<br><br>What I've seen so far, she might absolutely rock that look!<br>

---
**Bmanmax (Guest)** (2016-03-01)

<br> Janus smiley scares me.

---
**fairportfan (Guest)** (2016-03-01)

<br> <a href="http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/BerserkButton">Berserk Button</a>

