---
title: 'Poll Results'
date: '2016-06-09'
author: 'J Gray'
---

<p>You just know Chrys was using her little girl voice for that panel. The one with just a hint of lip tremble. </p><p>So, here are the poll results!</p><p>Mandrake: 10</p><p>Chrys and Theresa: 9</p><p>Surgeon and Blue: 5</p><p>Chrys: 3</p><p>William: 3</p><p>Melody: 2</p><p>Kludge: 2</p><p>Circe: 2</p><p>Someone Else: 2</p><p>Theresa: 0</p><p>Wow, folks! What's wrong with Theresa that you don't want her to have a solo story?</p><p>I'll be announcing what stories we will be featuring in chapter 7 next week, first on the Patreon and then here.</p><p>See you next Monday!</p>

---
**crowbar (Guest)** (2016-06-09)

<br> I don't think it's that readers don't want a story with Theresa; it's that you just finished a Theresa &amp; Chrys chapter, and some readers probably want a story with some of the character(s) we haven't seen in a while.&nbsp;

---
**fairportfan (Guest)** (2016-06-09)

<br>Theresa is best as the-person-things-get-explained to.All the rest of the cast pretty much know what's going on - Theresa is the cute newbie.Now, a solo-Theresa-in-the-Devil story, maybe.===============If i were Chrys' mom right now, i'd be torn between grounding her until she's twenty-five and telling her how proud of her i was.Or, perhaps, both. &nbsp;Consecutively.

---
**Sario (Guest)** (2016-06-09)

<br> It's not that I don't want a solo Theresa story, it's that I want a Blue and Surgeon story more right now.

---
**Blaydewind (Guest)** (2016-06-10)

<br> Rebus speech for the win!<br>

---
**NoRAd (Guest)** (2016-06-10)

<br> At first I thought William had his hand on Theresa's butt.

