---
title: 'Return'
date: '2016-11-15'
author: 'J Gray'
---

<p>I am alive! Thank you for your concern. To summarize events.</p><p>As I've mentioned before, my wife was diagnosed with breast cancer. She's undergone several stages of treatment now and the outlook is very sunny but it has been a draining process.</p><p>I also got a day job. A company publishing eBook version of the Pathfinder RPG rulebooks hired me to be their gaming expert. It was awesome. Right up until, three months after being hired, the company went out of business. So, in short. Got a great job. Lost a great job.</p><p>Also, there's the election here in the United States. I don't think it will be a surprise to anyone who reads my LGBT positive webcomic as to which side I came down on and what my fears for the future are.</p><p>On top of all that, we've had some difficulties with the site. Chinese hackers have been trying to break through for weeks now and JD has had to code on the fly to fix it. That broke a few things which he immediately fixed but it has delayed the comic some.</p><p>But!</p><p>Here we are. Page two of the new story! Mandrake's in trouble!</p>

---
**Cactusjack99 (Guest)** (2016-11-17)

<br> Hey, very sorry to hear about the difficulties and job, but great news in regards to your wife!&nbsp; I've been in a deep depression after the "election" (the orange haired dweeb didn't win you know, but he will be appointed due to the vagaries of the 1776 version of voting fairness known as the electoral college, time for that to go).&nbsp; Anyway, hoping for the best, for you, the comic, and the mess in the US.

