---
title: 'More Mandrake Speak!'
date: '2016-12-08'
author: 'J Gray'
---

<p>This page contains what may be the most pictogram speak Keith and I have ever put together. We actually had to discuss which symbols to use, at one point, to make sure the meaning came through clearly. We're seriously discussing putting together a "dictionary" to share with the readers at this point. There's been enough Mandrake speak to fill a page or two.</p><p>Also, introducing the castle of rain! Always under a cloud.</p><p>Be our guest when we return on Monday!</p>

---
**JD (Guest)** (2016-12-08)

<br> Ok, so Beauty and the Beast scenario.&nbsp; Wolfy boy is under a spell brought on by the rain? If Mandrake goes to the castle and kisses the beast before the last petal falls from the rose, than the spell is broken and wolfy reverts back to a boy.<br>That's what I'm getting from the bubbles, anyway.<br>

---
**Gunsolo (Guest)** (2016-12-09)

<br> So, looks like he's cursed to be a wolfman and needs Mandrake to break the spell.<br>I wonder why she refused.<br>Or maybe she means that what he's saying won't work?<br>

---
**Danea55 (Guest)** (2016-12-09)

<br> Ok... So I would like a dictionary. Maybe I'm just not good at this. I didn't get beauty and the beast. I got: "let me deflower you so that it breaks the rain spell". Don't think that's actually it, so maybe a little help would be nice...<br>

---
**Brian (Guest)** (2017-01-03)

<br> While a dictionary isn't a terrible idea, I'd be quite happy if you just told us what she's saying in, for example, some white on white text we can only read if we highlight it.&nbsp; <br>

