---
title: 'Writing!'
date: '2016-12-15'
author: 'J Gray'
---

<p>Mandrake may be a fairy but she knows how to troll her fuzzy captor, doesn't she?</p><p>See what I did there? Huh? Huh?</p><p>Seriously, though, she keeps getting into situations involving glowing eyes looming above her in the darkness. All because she wanted to pick and smell some flowers in a pretty field.</p><p>Musicallife, let me know how Final Fantasy: Boy Band Road Trip plays. I'm curious but not curious enough to spend money on release date prices. </p><p>Right now I'm playing the remastered Skyrim. I love the game but, after playing pretty much anything from Bioware, I can't help but notice the flaws as well. I mean, I always noticed them but they're so freaking glaring now. There's only ten voice actors playing every role, with the result being that everyone sounds the same. The NPCs tend to have less actual personality than characters in some of the mobile games I play (like Avengers Academy!). This makes it next to impossible to have any meaningful, real interaction and connect emotionally with your adopted children or spouse. They might as well be coatracks in your house who say thank you occasionally. Of course, I know Bethesda can do better because Fallout 4, while not perfect, made serious strides towards making NPCs who you can connect with. They had interesting stories of their own. </p><p>Seriously, Lydia, look at Piper! She says more than a sarcastic one liner about carrying my damn burden!</p><p>Sigh.</p><p>See everyone Monday.</p>

---
**TC (Guest)** (2016-12-15)

<br> XV is okay so far, if a bit of the easy side combat wise (husband's words, not mine). &nbsp;Original audio flows better, compared to the english version, but that's just my opinion. &nbsp;I feel like the Kingsglaive movie that came out just before spoils a liiiittle too much in some areas. &nbsp;Of course, I can say I enjoy the characters' personalities because I grew up a jrock weeaboo, so I think they are adorable at times (namely Prompto). &nbsp;I found myself subconsciously shipping him with Gladiolus the other day while the hubs was playing, primarily because of their size difference (smallest and largest of the group, respectively), but I think it's because I like the idea of that dynamic (I shipped Sailors Jupiter and Mercury when I was younger). &nbsp;

---
**musicalife (Guest)** (2016-12-16)

<br> On my list means on my Amazon list, I don't actually own it yet. I'm working on another game.

---
**Fairportfan (Guest)** (2016-12-18)

<br> Where are the hands holding the torches?

