---
title: 'Serious Talk Time'
date: '2017-07-06'
author: 'J Gray'
---

<p>This is an important moment. Maybe the most important moment to occur in the comic to date. So, we interrupt date night to get into serious discussion. Theresa needs to sort through things aloud and she needs Chrys to hear them. Poor Chrys doesn't have a frame of reference. She didn't grow up in the bible belt or, for that matter, the United States or even on Earth. She grew up in an interdimensional Inn where pretty much anything goes. That makes understanding harder for her. But not impossible.</p><p>So, this talk is overdue.</p><p>I'm still figuring out how I'm going to reconfigure the Patreon (I'm making some changes to it) but I'll let everyone know what's up with it when I'm done.</p><p>See you Monday</p>

---
**Adamas (Guest)** (2017-07-06)

<br> I know that feeling. I've spent half my life shaking off the bible belt crap and I'm still dealing with the stupid hangups.<br>

---
**PharmaDan (Guest)** (2017-07-14)

<br> Quick little tangent question, I was going through the last few arcs refreshing them in my minds and I noticed that some of those art suggestion ones, the pinups, and what not are not to be found. Did they get moved or am i just being stupid and not looking back far enough?<br>

---
**Francisco (Guest)** (2017-07-15)

<br> How much of Teresa's quest on the turtle island does Chrys remember? Of her diary?

---
**Fairportfan (Guest)** (2017-07-17)

<br> * cricket * cricket *...<br>

---
**Fairportfan (Guest)** (2017-07-17)

<br> Flippin' autocorrect screwed up my email in the previous post.<br>

---
**Fairportfan (Guest)** (2017-07-17)

<br>

